Hey everybody, Saster Annual is coming
up. Saster annual 2025. It's May 13th to
the 15th in the SFB area right on our 40
acre indooroutdoor campus in San Monteo
right in between Palo Alto and San
Francisco. It is going to be great.
It'll be 10,000 of the best in B2B SAS
cloud and AI all sharing our playbooks.
Everyone from the CEOs of Snowflake and
HubSpot and Dropbox and vertical SAS
leaders like Flock Safety and Cleo to
the best heads of AI at Whiz and Data
Bricks and more. Anyhow, it's going to
be awesome. It is going to be awesome.
It is a festival about building and
scaling software together. And I wanted
to give you 10 reasons, 10 great reasons
to come to SAS 2025. Okay. Number
one, networking. Listen, I don't know
about you, I'm not the world's best
networker. So, I love to go to things
like Zaster where I'm guaranteed to meet
great people. And we will help you. We
will help you. If you're not the world's
greatest extrovert, and I am not, we
have your solution at Saster Annual. A
couple of things. First of all, one,
brand new, we've always had brain dates
and meetups, and we'll talk about that.
We'll have hundreds and hundreds of
small groupoup sessions where you can
talk about hundreds of topics from how
to hire a head of sales to how to scale
customer success to how to add
co-pilots. We'll have hundreds of these
brain dates. But what we're adding is a
brand new who do you want to meet
session. These are opt-in one-on-one
meetings right in the dead center of
Saster Annual where we'll have over a
thousand of these curated one-on-one
meetings. If you've signed up and you
are a B2B executive, you will be able to
join Who Do You Want to Meet? through
our dedicated app. It's on the app
store. You'll be able to sign in and you
will be able to meet great folks on
double opt-in meetings. It's cool. It's
new. It's going to be
great. Two, we just talked about this,
but our brain dates and workshops. We'll
have hundreds of these. You can sign up
if you are a cloud executive and do your
own. You can join hundreds. Many folks
come to SAS January and they just spend
all three days in these brain dates
learning and meeting folks in these
small groups. They're any anywhere from
uh twoperson sessions to 100 person
workshops and they're all on targeted
niche topics. So come and sign up for
those brain dates. They are
great.
Three, we have seale events and
networking and you can benefit as
founders. We have four summits at Saster
Annual. We have a uh invite only CMO
summit with 200 of the best CMOs and VPs
of marketing and growth. We have 300 of
the best chief customer officers. We
have about 150 CFOs. These are invite
only just for them. But at the end after
them, we have open networking for CEOs
that are attending. So if you're the CEO
of a B2B company postrevenue, you can
join these networking sessions, these
cocktail parties with the best CRO and
VPs of sales, CMOs, CCOs and
CFOs. And for CRO especially, we have a
CEO CRO poker night. And if you are
again a CEO in a software company,
you've got to be at software. You can't
be a service provider or selling stuff.
You've got to be a CEO or a founder of a
B2B company. But if you are, you can
come out and play poker for two hours
with the best heads of sales in the
industry. It was great. It was off the
charts last year and everyone is already
looking forward to it. So join our
summits, join our poker night, and join
the cocktail parties and meetups
afterwards. Finally, and boy, the list
of networking is endless. You will
network as much as you possibly want. We
have our 10th annual meet of VC program.
It's pretty great. There are a bunch of
things you can do to meet the almost 800
VCs that will be at Saster Annual. This
year, we have a formal meet of VC
program. Once you get your ticket to
Saster Annual, you can apply right on
the SAS annual website or in the app.
Submit your DACK, your metrics, and
others. Get all the detail and it will
be distributed to every single VC
attending. and they will be able to
reach out to you and set up meetings if
you want. This always works. Look, if
you're not growing, if you're
struggling, you probably aren't going to
get any meetings, but if you're in the
zone, you will generally find that
dozens and dozens of VCs will reach out
to you through this program. And we have
so many stories of folks getting funded
at Saster Annual and Saster Europa
through it. Also, on May 15th, we have
our second annual founder VC brunch.
It's another great two and a half hour
chance in our founder lounge to just
meet with all the VCs that are there.
It's a great informal way to network and
meet with some of the best. So be there.
If nothing else, come to the founder VC
brunch if you want to meet hundreds of
the best VCs in B2B. Okay. Point two,
why come? Look, this has been true since
2015, but we will have the best speakers
in the world. The the list will be
almost endless by the time we get to
kickoff, but already we have the CEOs of
Snowflake, the CEO of HubSpot, the CTO
and founder of Rubric, the CEO of
Descript that that I'm doing this video
on and that we run, the CEO of three
billion dollar Cleo and legal, co and
the CRO of Flock Safety, the CEO of Own
who Salesforce just bought for two
billion, the CRO of Service Titan, the
CMO of Datab Bricks, uh the CCO of
Canva, the CCO of Bill, the CO of
GitHub, the CO of Calendarly, and I will
be doing an AMA. They're just hundreds
and hundreds of sessions and choose your
own adventure. Choose who you want to
learn from. And again, they'll go from
big, massive sessions with a thousand
people at them to hundreds of these
brain dates where you literally can do
small tiny sessions with the best
practitioners and learn. But the best of
the best in cloud, SAS, and AI will be
there. Three, getting funded. And again,
listen, you got to have the numbers to
get funded. No one for better or worse
in VC wants to fund anyone that's not
seeing VC levels of growth. But if you
are, this is the place to meet VCs. And
not only do we have the meet a VC
program that we just chatted about, not
only do we have the founder VC brunch,
but this year we have something really
cool. We have the
VC AI pitch stage. So what we will allow
what this will allow is all day at
Saster Annual, we will allow short
pitches and demos from the best built AI
B2B applications. You can sign up right
on the Sasser Annual homepage. They're
short. They're two-minute pitches, but
they'll be in the center of the main
hall. They'll be in the center of
anything. They'll be running and
hundreds of folks will see it. Anyone
can pitch on the AI demo stage that has
a product in production and revenue. We
don't need any pre-revenue folks that we
don't SAS annual isn't the place for
them in general. But if you're coming
anyway, this is not a place to pitch
your demoare. If you only have design
partners, we don't that's not the right
place for this demo stage. But you don't
have to be a raw startup. You can be a
sauna. You can be Salesforce. You can be
whomever. If you've got something that
you're just releasing in production,
want to demo, we just have you just have
to have paying customers. Come show us
what's cool. Come front, get in front of
everybody at our new AI demo stage. And
for the startups, for the ones that have
not raised material capital, Mayfield
fund is sponsoring this and they will
write a check of 500k and maybe even up
to five million to the number one
startup that pitches. We will grade them
and then on the 15th there will be a a a
demo off and the winner will get a check
from Mayfield fund for 500k and maybe
even up to 5 million depending on their
stage. AI VC demo stage. It's going to
be awesome. Sign up on sastraanual.com.
Point four, and we alluded to this, but
number four reason to come to SAS
annual, maybe this is the best reason.
Meet your next VP. Meet your next VP or
CXO. We will have almost over
800 top tier CRO's, VPs of sales, CMOs,
VPs of marketing, CCOs, VP of customer
success, as well as finance leaders, all
coming to our VIP summits. And we do
these VIP summits for a whole bunch of
reasons.
They're great. They're core to what we
do. But then those sea level executives
come to the meetups and the cocktail
parties after and they're all over SAS.
So if you're in the market for a VP of
sales, come to our CRO CEO summit. If
you're in the market for head of
marketing, come to the meetup after the
CMO brunch. Like they're there. They're
in the agenda and you will meet hundreds
of sea level executives. And I think
it's harder and harder this these days
to find the right match. There are
actually more VP level and above
candidates day than ever because cloud
has gotten bigger and it's been many
years and folks move on and so there's
more actual candidates than ever but
it's harder and harder to get to know
them. You're going to meet them over
Zoom. You're going to hire them before
barely meeting them. Come to Storanual
and meet them for real. It can be
profound. You can find your next
management team member at Sastanual.
Just come to the events. Come to the
networking that we have. you will find
them. Okay, five, we briefly hit it, but
we've got this AI demo stage. It's new.
We'll have maybe 200 uh folks being able
to pitch their AI applications. So, if
nothing else, honestly, this is worth
it. If you want to get your AI app, your
in front of 10,000 of the best in B2B,
just again go to sasterannual.com and
apply for the Saster AAI demo stage.
This alone is probably worth it. Point
six reason to come to SAS annual. This
one is probably in the top two really
which is along with finding an executive
which is bring your team. I honestly
think this is the number one highest ROI
thing you can do from Saster as founders
is don't just come yourself. Don't let
just meet founders like you or a stage
or two ahead. Don't just find your VP of
sales or your VC. All important stuff.
But man, we get isolated as teams
especially your team. Even if you as
founders are networking all the time,
even if you're right in the SF area,
what about your team? How many of their
peers do they meet? Never enough. And
they get isolated and they don't have a
sense of what is state-of-the-art and
they don't have a sense of whatever
anyone else is doing. So goodness, we
have these team packs for a reason.
They're heavily discounted at
sastrianual.com. So if you can, don't
come yourself. Bring two or three people
from your team. I almost always hear
that, yeah, it was great for me. I I got
funded. I hired this person, but I
brought three of my executives and it
was transformational for us. Um, bring
your team. Bring your
team. Point seven, look, we'll have a
hundred sponsors and vendors and in
fact, we'll have a brand new this year,
we're going to have a whole YC Y
Combinator demo area where 20 of the top
recent AI startups from YC are going to
be demoing their products. So if you
want to meet with the newest startups,
if you want to meet with the best
sponsors, if you want to meet with the
Riplings and the Artisans and Google
Cloud and other leaders, IBM, see if
IBM's AI is the right source for you,
Digital Ocean, so many you can meet with
them. The best of all the leaders in
SAS, one or another will be on site to
meet with you. So figure out if these
vendors are right for you. Figure out if
the best of the best are the right
application for you. SAS is the place to
do it. Number
eight, and sometimes this can kick you
in the ars a little bit, but Sasser
annual is the place to be honest and
benchmark yourself. Listen, if you are
in the SFB area and you're going to
meetups and you're meeting with other
founders that are growing 20% a week,
you you probably already have a sense an
inferiority complex as I do, as I think
that all almost all of us have some of
this imposter syndrome, inferiority
complex. But a lot of folks once you get
outside of the SF barrier, they don't
know. They don't know and some
complacency can set in and some
misunderstanding some some you may even
think that things are tougher than they
are. Look, it's competitive today. My
god, AI has exploded competition. But if
for some reason you think you're still
in a downturn or something, come to
Saster Annual, see how the best are
doing it. Meet with them. Have your ars
kicked. We don't want our We can't have
our arses kicked every day, folks. It It
does. It is tiring, but come be
challenged to do even more so you can
set the right goals for yourself and
know what you really can and cannot pull
off. Point
nine, just being inspired. Just being
inspired. Look, I so much has changed at
Saster over the years. When we started
doing this, there were no great
podcasts. There was no content in the
industry. So going to SAS Annual was
like seeing folks we'd never heard
before. At our first Saster Annual, we
had Aaron Levy and Stuart Butterfield,
founder of Slack, and David Sax, and no
one had ever heard these people before.
Now you can just fire up YouTube and you
can hear from all of them. There's
actually no reason to come to events
just to hear anybody talk. We're
constantly talking all the time. There's
a thousand podcasts today versus zero
when we started the first Aster podcast
with Harry Stebings. But there's
something about talking and interacting
with the best. We'll have AMAs. The CEO
of Calendarly and I are just going to do
an AMA. There's no content. We're just
going to take questions for an hour.
Want to really talk to Taupe and
understand how it's going. Want to
really meet and interact with Yamin, the
CEO of HubSpot. This is your time. It is
different to be in the real world with
folks that inspire you like Topen Yaman
and to experience it. you will come out
inspired and with a new perspective that
you just don't get listening to a
podcast on the run and and part
10 again uh you will meet hundreds of
practitioners so if nothing else come
sit in these brain dates for all three
years meet with VPs of sales VPs of
demand genen VPs of growth whoever you
want in your niche in your industry they
will be there in small groups they will
be teaching you things you cannot be
taught anywhere else and that you cannot
learn Even on saster.com, even on the
best videos and podcasts, they will sit
down and answer your questions and talk
to you through hundreds and hundreds of
brain dates. It is special. Get
actionable strategies. Come to Saster
Annual with your top three list of
issues, things you're struggling with.
Sit down and then match it to 10 or 20
or 30 speakers or brain dates or
workshops and come with your questions.
Help me Jason. Help me Karen. Help me
Kyle. How can I solve this one issue I
have in my funnel? This one issue I have
with my team. You will meet with folks
that can solve your problem. It will be
great. Again, May 13th to the 15th,
unparalleled networking, unparalleled
access to sea level executives,
unparalleled access to the best in SAS
and cloud and AI. SAS annual 2025. See
you then.